Hi Luke,
Here are answers to your questions. I'm copying in the other CNMS Advising staff on this message, in case they have additional responses:
- I think that we would prefer that only another advisor would have the ability to create an account for an advisor, but if ANY existing advisor account can create a new one - rather than a Master or Admin account - it would be preferred.
- Collecting the student's email (and, therefore, UMBC username), is about more than just having a way to contact them. It will help us compare/align the information collected to data we collect in other ways. For example, we often use questionnaires published in Google Forms with our advisees, which can be set up to automatically capture a student's UMBC email address (the username version, not the Campus ID one), so we don't have to worry about student-entered typos.
- In terms of being able to shut the sign-up system off at the end of the season, I think that if it's a process that can be reversed, every advisor should have the ability to turn the system off. If it's something that is permanent once the choice is made, then only one person (or one type of account, if you're planning to have a master/admin advisor account vs. standard advisor account) should have the controls, so that it can be a group decision/process.
- When it comes to viewing the "big picture," I think that we would prefer that all advisors be able to view all created sessions. It's helpful to have access to another advisor's appointment schedule when an emergency arises and other advisors need to cover their appointments or handle notifying students that a rescheduling of their appointment is necessary. Whether or not all advisors need to be able to make changes to appointments set up by another advisor, that I'm not so sure. The other CNMS advisors might want to weigh in with their thoughts on that.